[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i am going to recap the story of
aquaman 2018
film it was year 1985.
there is a man at the shore of the sea
he was working in lighthouse according
to his daily routine
he saves a girl who came from sea who is
the princess of atlantis
basically atlantis is a huge city
underwater
from which this girl has come they spend
a lot of time together
and gradually start liking each other
after some time
they get married a baby boy is born to
them after some time
his name is arthur he has a power of
speaking to all sea creatures
which means he can talk to all sea
creatures
now we see that atlantean soldiers come
to their house
their purpose is to take their princess
back to atlantis
because they attack her so forcibly she
has to leave his family and son
because if she hadn't acted the same the
soldiers might have killed them
to save their life she goes back with
soldiers
princess trusts one of his special
adviser
so she asks him to train arthur is a
skilled warrior
so that he can learn fighting skills
like us
arthur has grown up now he is invited to
come back to
atlanta's advisor says smiley face
you're a first son and you can become
king there but arthur refuses to do so
because his mother was killed just
because she loved a human and married
him
and i am a half-breed son born from them
this reason is useless for me i'll never
come back to atlantis
and we see here that some pirates are
looting a russian submarine
and arthur saves them here during
fight the leader of pirates is killed by
arthur
son of that leader david is also present
there
when david sees that arthur that is
aquaman
killed his father he plans to seek
revenge from him
now we see another main character whose
name is warm
he is going to be the king of atlantis
he is also a step-brother of
arthur who lives under water which means
he lives in
atlanta's before heading forward let me
differ that
form lives underwater and arthur lives
on ground
horn meets different canes who live in
different cities near
atlantas underwater orm says to a king
that we should attack upper surface
land because they are polluting our sea
and spreading pollution
but that king is not in favor to attack
habitants of land
but he thinks that if more four kings
support warm
he'll be entitled as ocean master which
means that
he'll become commander and his decisions
will be accepted
while they're talking a russian
submarine comes and attacks them
here orm saves that king end by seeing
this
that king intends to support warm that
king has a daughter named mara whose
marriage is to be fixed with
warm but she doesn't want to marry him
she has only a single way to escape who
is
arthur she thinks that if arthur comes
here
orm won't become king she goes to upper
surface
land where she meets arthur she seeks
help from him and asks him to come back
in water
because your elder son so you can become
a king
but arthur refuses after some time
mara wins his trust because orm
sends a huge wave of sea and here mara
saves arthurs as father by seeing this
he starts trusting mara and comes
underwater with her
here arthur meets his teacher who has
taught him fighting skills
he was that soldier whom his mother
trusted the most they tell him that
you've defined trident
it has a lot of power and magic in it
and if someone finds it
he'll become king without asking him
because without this trident
orm will never let you become a king
he is very powerful even if you claim it
after defeating him
he'll never let you win while they're
talking soldiers of warm soldiers come
here
and attack them and arthur gets captured
arthur is presented to warm captured in
chains
horns blames him that you're the reason
of my mother's death
and you're the reason that queen was
hanged to death orm
is his brother and says to arthur that
i am giving you a chance leave this area
for good
and never come back in water but arthur
angrily challenges him to fight they
both get into a fight here
orm has higher chance of winning because
he is an aquatic habitant
to defeat warm in water is a hard pill
to swallow for
arthur fight is continued and arthur
is about to die when mara comes there
and saves arthur
to find the trident which they're
searching for
they go to sahara desert sahara desert
was the place where
trident was made they find a holographic
message there
who indicates that they are supposed to
go to
italy and there they'll find coordinates
who'll tell the location of trident
trident is basically like a spear who
has a lot of magical powers
on the other side we see that orm meets
david david is the guy who was son of
that dyed pirate
he wants to take revenge from aquaman
it's also revealed here that russian
submarine which attacked the king of
water
was a result of their mutual conspiracy
it was orm's plan that david will attack
the king and he'll save him
and that king will support him out of
sympathy warm gives david
latest atlantean battle suit which is
based on modern technology
which can only be used by aquatic
inhabitants
david tests this technology and becomes
happy that now he can take revenge by
killing
arthur their warm kills another king of
kingdom of fisherman and compels them to
support
warm because king of kingdom of
fisherman has died so
he forces the queen and princess to
fight in first lane of battle
he asks them to collect army we see
david here
who transforms modern technology suit
given by orm
into superhero suit for him he names it
is
black manta he becomes very powerful
after
wearing this suit we see that arthur
and mara were in italy to find those
coordinates
when david attacks there david
black manta and arthur get into serious
fight
there at last arthur throws
david down the mountains during fight
arthur has gotten injured mara treats
his wounds and gives him courage
she says that you to become kind and you
can't be so delicate
you have to show courage like a king
they set out in search of
trident during journey they face many
monsters
and defeating them they reach to the
middle of the earth
this is the center of the earth they
both see theate mother for the first
time there
who is queen edlana who has sacrificed
herself by coming in this trench
coming to this trench is equal to death
but queen idlana
has survived there without any harm to
her
and she was surviving here for a long
time now
arthur and mara were also there and they
hug each other
this is an emotional scene now they are
so near to
trident but arthur can only go alone
mara or her mother can't tag along with
him
arthur steps forward to find trident and
he finds this ancient trident
but before this leviathan attacks him
basically he is caretaker of this
trident
leviathan looks like a mixture of dragon
and snake and is huge
he says that whoever came here wasn't
worthy and i killed all of them
as we got to know in start arthur could
talk to
see creatures so he talks to him
that snake dragon-like creature asks him
that can you hear me
no one was able to hear me before this
arthur
tells him his worth and claims to be the
deserver of this trident
i'm worthy so i should rule seven seas
at last leviathan agrees and arthur
gets that trident after achieving
tridents
arthur's power increases and his costume
changes
all kingdoms of the sea are supporting
warm
that's why orm entitles himself as ocean
master
which means that his decisions will be
carried out
there supporters of warm get to know
that
arthur has gotten the trident according
to rule
holder of trident will be the real king
and the ocean master
no question shall be asked from him
everyone gets confirmation that trident
is with
arthur but warm gets angry and says that
achieving trident doesn't matter who's
braver and more skilled he'll be the
ocean master and will rule all kingdoms
here once again orm and arthur
fights on a submarine arthur defeats
warm in this fight but doesn't kill him
and let him alive
here queen it lana comes in front of him
when he sees that arthur saved his
mother he accepts his fate
and present himself for arrestment by
accepting his defeat
soldiers of atlanta's captures him and
take him away
movie come to an end here if you liked
aquaman movies
explanation then please like and
subscribe
and tell your feedback in comment
section thank you for watching